Improve question wording (#152)
common-workflow-language/user_guide: _episodes/14-runtime.md

questions:
- "How do I create required input files from input parameters at runtime?"
- "How do I invoke a script rather than just a simple command line?"

> - "How do I pass arguments to my script?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Besides `inputBinding`, how else can I pass arguments to the tool?"
```
